small modification of README of covid app (#521)
plotly/dash-sample-apps: apps/dash-covid-xray/README.md

## About this app

> This app shows how to explore 3-D data of chest tomography thanks to Dash. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This app shows how to explore 3-D chest tomography data using Dash. 
```
It's true that "thanks to" is more accurate because we're just having Dash help us explore the data, but it just in English we're less thankful ;).
